# books
A repository of the source code from all of my published tech books

I currently have a number of tech books published through Apress.  You can see them all here: http://www.apress.com/us/search?query=zammetti

While the source code for each of them was added to GitHub by Apress in their repo (https://github.com/Apress), and that is the "canonical" source for these, I wanted to have a copy of them in my own repository too, so here they are!  Each book has its own directory.

See the LICENSE file for full license details, but pretty much it boils down to the code is free to all and you can do pretty much anything you want with it as long as you aren't making money with it or claiming it as your own.

* **learn-corona-sdk-game-dev** -Corona SDK is one of the most popular app and game mobile development platforms in the world, and Learn Corona SDK Game Development walks you through creating a full-featured Corona game from scratch to the App Store. You'll learn Lua basics (the foundation of Corona), how to add and manipulate graphics, and how to use controls like multitouch, accelerometer, and gyroscope. You'll also learn how to use Box2D (Corona physics under the hood), and how to add sound effects and music. As you're polishing your game, you'll also learn about ads, in-app purchases, and OpenFeint and Game Center integration. Finally, you'll learn the ins and outs of getting a game into the App Store or other app marketplaces. (Published May 2013)

* **modern-full-stack-development** - Explore what React, Node, TypeScript, Webpack, and Docker have to offer individually, and how they all fit together in modern app development. React is one of the most popular web development tools available today, and Node.js is extremely popular for server-side development. The fact that both utilize JavaScript is a big selling point, but as developers use the language more, they begin to recognize the shortcomings, and that's where TypeScript comes in and why it's gaining in popularity quickly. Add Webpack and Docker to the mix, and you've got a potent full development stack on which to build applications. You'll begin by building a solid foundation of knowledge and quickly expand it by constructing two different real-world apps. These aren't just simple, contrived examples but real apps that you can choose to install on your servers and use for real. By the end, you will have a solid grasp of building apps with React, Node.js, and TypeScript and a good grasp on how Webpack can be used to optimize and organize your code for deployment. You'll also understand how Docker can be used to run the apps you build in a clear and well-defined way, all of which will be able to springboard you into creating more advanced apps on your own. (Published April 2020)

* **practical-ajax-projects-with-java-technology** - 	Practical Ajax Projects with Java Technology
Practical Ajax Projects with Java Technology provides a learn-by-example experience for Java developers. It features a crowd-pleasing array of seven complete example applications that you can even adapt for use in your own projects. Technologies covered include Apache, Ant, Ajax Tags, Struts, Prototype, DWR, Dojo, and more. (Published July 2006)

* **practical-dojo-projects** - Uncover the fundamentals of Dojo, its core, Dojo Widgets, and DojoX. In Practical Dojo Projects, you'll learn all about what Dojo has to offer. You'll see it in action in the form of five fully functional applications. (Published September 2008)

* **practical-dwr-2-projects** - Practical DWR 2 Projects includes six full, working applications, introducing you to all that DWR offers. You'll learn by example as you tear the applications apart, see what makes them tick, and even extend them at your own pace. In the end, you'll have a great feel for what DWR offers and how Ajax can bring the world of Web 2.0 to your doorstep, and you'll have a good time doing it. (Published January 2008)

* **practical-ext-js-projects-with-gears** - Discover Ext JS, one of today's most powerful and highly regarded JavaScript frameworks, with perhaps the best set of GUI widgets around, and a whole host of components that make developing client–side applications a breeze. Using a pragmatic approach to learning all about Ext JS, you'll dissect seven full–fledged applications and realize the potential of Ext JS in modern RIA development. (Published July 2009)

* **practical-flutter** - Explore what Flutter has to offer, where it came from, and where it's going. Mobile development is progressing at a fast rate and with Flutter – an open-source mobile application development SDK created by Google – you can develop applications for Android and iOS, as well as Google Fuchsia.Learn to create three apps (a personal information manager, a chat system, and a game project) that you can install on your mobile devices and use for real. You will begin by getting a solid foundation of Flutter knowledge, and building on it immediately by constructing two more traditional productivity apps.. You will also learn to create a game, enabling you to see a whole other perspective on what Flutter can do. In addition to building these apps, you'll have the benefit of reviewing real-world issues you might encounter, along with ways to deal with them through tips and tricks, all designed to make your Flutter experience that much more productive and, frankly, fun! (Published July 2019)

* **practical-javascript-dom-scripting-ajax-projects** - Practical JavaScript, DOM, and Ajax Projects is ideal for web developers already experienced in JavaScript who want to take their knowledge to the next level. It presents ten complete example projects for you to learn from and adapt for use in your own work. For each application, you are taken through the planning, design, and implementation stages. This book will save you countless hours of development time, and help further your JavaScript knowledge! (Published April 2007)

* **practical-palm-pre-webos-projects** - In this book, you'll learn all about the Palm Pre and webOS, their capabilities, and how to develop for them. You'll learn to write applications that function entirely on the Pre itself, and you'll also learn to write applications that "live in the cloud" (i.e., keep you connected to the digital world around you). You'll spend most of your time looking at Mojo, the framework API through which your code interfaces with the operating system. All of this will be presented within the context of six fully functional real-world applications that you can use on your own Pre! (Published December 2009)

* **practical-react-native** - Discover how to use React Native in the real world, from scratch. This book shows you what React Native has to offer, where it came from, and where it's going. You'll begin with a solid foundation of practical knowledge, and then build on it immediately by constructing three different apps. You'll learn how to use each feature of React Native by working on two full projects and one full game. These aren't just simple React Native Hello World examples (although you'll naturally start there!) but are apps that you can, if you so choose, install on your mobile devices and use for real. (Published October 2018)


* **practical-webix** - Learn to create speedy cross-platform applications with ease using Webix. You will begin with an introduction to Webix and basic usage, exploring the interface components and utilities it offers, as well as the tools available (skin builder, form builder, and code snippet testing facility). (Published March 2018)

* **pro-ios-android-apps-for-business** - With Pro iOS and Android Apps for Business, you can take your web development experience and apply it toward creating a full-featured business app, from soup to nuts. Frank Zammetti shows you how to create a client app using jQuery Mobile wrapped in PhoneGap, and how to create a node.js-based server that uses MongoDB as its data store. You never have to deal with learning Objective-C, Java or any other difficult-to-learn language. Instead, you can build on your existing HTML5, JavaScript and CSS experience to quickly and effectively build any app your business needs. You can apply this knowledge to iOS and Android apps as well as other mobile platforms since the technologies used support most modern mobile platforms as well. (Published October 2013)

* **practical-jamstack** - Learn what JAMstack is all about, what those three big letters in the front mean and why it’s so beneficial.  This book shows you how to create sites and apps on the JAMstack using GatsbyJS, a tool made specifically for generating them.  As part of that, you’ll learn about React, one of the hottest front-end development tools out there today.  You will build three separate projects, starting with a relatively simple site to get your feet wet, then a more robust and dynamic application to see more advanced topics like API usage and data storage.  Finally, you’ll build a game on the JAMstack to get a whole different perspective on how all the pieces can fit together.  JAMstack, a modern take on best practices, is taking the web development world by storm and allowing developers to create web site and apps that are blazingly fast and highly secure. In many ways JAMstack is a throwback to web development of yesteryear, all while providing a simpler development experience that is streamlined by many years of best practices being brought to bear.
